{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green45\blue53;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green45\blue53;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14100\viewh15500\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Name:\
Alex Lang\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Team Name: \
Peg-leg Willy\
\
TA/Section Time: \
11:15 Monday, Melanie\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc
\cf0 The Island\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What fiction or personal memory does your game aim to present? 
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 My game aims to represent the fiction of a character who is ailed by a mysterious migraine sickness traveling to a jungle island to seek healing from a shaman.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What is the player\'92s role in your game (e.g., a character, someone shifting the actions of multiple characters, or a disembodied observer)?
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 The player\'92s role in the game is making decisions that influence his/her KARMA level, which ultimately determines whether the player wins or loses the game.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What different refinements of the linking logic are present in your game? What actions do they enable for the player?
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 There are three main main linking logics present in my game. The first is a means to examine items embedded in the descriptive narrative of the story. This kind of link goes to a deeper description in order to further the story and character attachment, then return to where you were. Other links navigate through the environment, to further the story, through dialogue or through movement in the virtual world we have created. The last link type is the inventory button, which displays items the player can collect throughout the game, changing the story line and resulting outcome of their decisions.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\b\fs28 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What other logics (e.g., resource logics, pattern-matching logics) are employed, if any? What are their roles? How do they connect to your uses of linking logics?
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 We use several logics in our game. The first of which relate to the inventory earlier mentioned. If an item is not picked up, it has a state of 0, or false. If an item has been obtained, it has a value of 1 and will show up in our inventory system. If an item's state is further changed, it has a 2 or 3 value, which determines certain dialogue in the end of the game. We have diamond-shaped trees of story and dialogue, and overall big events that the player cannot miss. There is a logical choice that the player has in certain situations to either further their karma or lower it (lower = better).\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\b\fs28 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What possible shapes does a playthrough of your game have? How do the different shapes relate to player actions through linking (and other) logics?\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Our game has 3 main possible shapes. In each situation that changes the level of karma the player obtains, the player may either be "good", which is pretty clearly presented, be "good", clearly presented, or be apathetic/do nothing. Sometimes, doing nothing is the same as being good. Every violent action in our game leads to "bad" karma; while every "good" action or nonaction leads to winning. The player can be reverent and honor a shrine they encounter, place gold in it, then be polite and knock on doors, and then refuse to do violence, and they can make it through the game with low or "good" karma. If players choose to attack, barge in doors, and disrespect obviously sacred places, they have a very high chance of losing the game. The dynamics of the logic allow the player to do bad AND good things and still be forgiven, just like real life.\

\f1\b\fs28 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What different conceptions of the fiction or memory, and its meaning, are suggested by the different shapes of possible playthroughs?\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Our game has strong parallels to real life, considering the idea of "dharma" and "karma", both of Indian origin. Many people have heard of "karma" and how deeds one does influences it. The idea of karma says that people are reincarnated over and over until they have no karma, then can leave earth and dwell in heavenly bliss. The player has many fears in the game, described in the 1st person to make it more relatable, that the journey is as much a physical one as a spiritual one. Those who fear do violence in the name of anger, and those who are at peace do no harm as part of their creed. My game goes with the theme of doing a peaceful play-through, but of course having the choice to be violent, which is certainly a parallel to everything everyone goes through every single moment of existence. The game punishes those who do bad deeds, and rewards for good, just as the karmic system believes.}